Log 5xx as warn (#32)
salemove/elixir-http_client: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v2.4.0

> * Bug fixes
>   * Fix log levels of requests that fail with 5XX from "error" to "warn"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhancements
  * Changes log levels of requests that fail with 5XX from "error" to "warn"
```

Not a bug fix in my opinion, but a change of the logging logic.

Author: I took it from one of the similar changes with log level, but no strong opinion

Reviewer 2: It did include a minor version bump as well so this would make sense
